Announcer: PREVIOUSLY
ON YU-GI-OH...
SAY GOOD-BYE TO EXODIA!
THOSE WERE THE EXODIA CARDS
THAT MY GRANDPA GAVE ME.
GREETINGS, DUELISTS.
I AM MAXIMILLION PEGASUS.
IT IS MY GREAT HONOR
AND PLEASURE
TO WELCOME YOU ALL
TO THE DUELIST KINGDOM.
[THINKING]
IF GRANDPA'S HERE,
I'D BET MY DUELING GLOVE
HE'S HIDDEN AWAY
IN THAT CASTLE.
BUT I'LL NEVER BE
ABLE TO GET IN THERE
WITH ALL THE GUARDS
AROUND.
[THINKING]
WE'RE JUST GONNA HAVE
TO WIN ENOUGH STAR CHIPS
TO GET INSIDE.
WHEN THE SKIES LIGHT UP
WITH FIREWORKS,
THE DUELS WILL BEGIN.
Joey: THERE HE IS!
"WELCOME," SAID THE SPIDER
TO THE FLY.
TIME YOU ANSWER
FOR WHAT YOU DID
ON THE BOAT, WEEVIL.
YU-GI-OH!
IT'S TIME TO DUEL.
MAYBE IF YOU WERE
SMART ENOUGH
TO STEAL THE TOURNAMENT
SECRET NEW RULES LIKE I DID,
YOU'D BE GETTING
A FIELD POWER BONUS
INSTEAD OF ME.
HERCULES BEETLE,E,E,E,E,
Yami Yugi: FERAL IMP,
MAGIC LIGHTNING ATTACK!
Téa: YUGI'S ATTACK DIDN'T
EVEN PHASE THAT THING.
ATTACK NOW--
WITH ANY MONSTER--
AND YOU WILL INSTANTLY
ACTIVATE THIS TRAP CARD.
EACH TURN YOU COWER,
I CREATE A NEW MONSTER!
KEEP DRAWING, YUGI.
MY ARMY OF INSECTS JUST
KEEPS GETTING BIGGER!
I'M GOING TO WIPE OUT
ALL YOUR MONSTERS
IN ONE BUG BLITZKRIEG!
Yami Yugi:
THAT'S RIGHT, WEEVIL,
PUT ALL YOUR MONSTERS
ON THE FIELD.
THAT'S EXACTLY
WHAT I'M COUNTING ON.
Weevil: NOW, MY PET,
POWER UP YOUR LASER CANNON.
ATTACK!
HA HA HA!
WH-WHY ARE YOU LAUGHING?
WEEVIL, YOU'RE NOT
THE ONLY ONE WHO CAN
SET A TRAP CARD.
WHAT?!
WHILE YOU LOADED THE FIELD
WITH YOUR BUG MONSTERS,
I PREPARED
A SPECIAL SURPRISE...
THE POWER OF
MY MIRROR FORCE TRAP CARD!
HOLD YOUR FIRE!
Yugi: TOO LATE,
WEEVIL. YOU ALREADY
ORDERED YOUR ATTACK
ON MY DARK MAGICIAN,
AND MIRROR FORCE
WILL DEFLECT IT
RIGHT BACK AT YOU!
OOH--UHH--
MY LIFE POINTS
ARE DEVASTATED!
[ECHOING IN]
YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE...
♪ YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
IT'S TIME
TO D-D-D-D-D-DUEL!
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
GRR...
HA! GREAT PLAY,
YUGE!
YOU WIPED OUT
WEEVIL'S ARMY
IN ONE MOVE!
ALL RIGHT!
YOU'VE GOT HIM
ON THE ROPES!
Mai: HA HA HA!
YEAH, RIGHT!
HUH?
Joey and Tristan: MAI?
YOU LOSERS DON'T
SEEM TO REALIZE
WHO YOUR LITTLE PAL
IS UP AGAINST.
WEEVIL'S
REGIONAL CHAMPION.
HE'S GOT MOVES
YOUR SHRIMP COULDN'T
EVEN DREAM OF.
[THINKING]
OOH, THAT MAI!
SHE'S ALWAYS BUTTING IN
WITH HER BIG MOUTH!
WELL, I'M NOT GONNA
LET HER TRASH MY FRIENDS!
NOBODY ASKED YOU!
SO, WHY DON'T YOU
JUST TAKE A HIKE?
AND MISS THE CHANCE
TO WATCH A CHAMPION
LIKE WEEVIL
AS HE TURNS
THIS AROUND? NO WAY!
YEAH, I MEAN, WEEVIL
REALLY CAME FROM BEHIND
TO WIN THE REGIONALS.
HE'S TOUGH
AND SNEAKY.
WHOSE SIDE ARE
YOU 2 GOOFBALLS
ON ANYWAY?!
ALL I'M SAYIN' IS,
FOR YUGI,
THIS IS HIS FIRST
OFFICIAL DUEL...
AND HE'S
FIGHTIN' A CHAMP!
[CHUCKLES]
[THINKING]
OOH, MAI,
YOU TROUBLEMAKER
YOU THINK
YOU KNOW SO MUCH,
BUT YUGI WILL
SHOW YOU.
YOU MAY HAVE FLATTENED
MY ARMY OF BUGS, YUGI,
BUT YOU HAVEN'T WON.
I HAVE PLENTY OF TRICKS
UP MY SLEEVE.
YOU'VE DONE
AN AWFUL LOT OF BUZZING
THROUGHOUT THIS
WHOLE DUEL, WEEVIL,
BUT I'M STILL HERE
WAITING FOR THE STING.
SINCE YOU'RE NEW
TO THIS WHOLE DUELING
TOURNAMENT THING,
I'LL TRY TO MAKE THIS
SIMPLE FOR YOU.
I'M GONNA WIPE
THAT GOOFY GRIN
FROM YOUR FACE.
NOW LET'S SEE
WHICH LUCKY BUG
GETS TO TAKE
THE FIRST BITE.
HEE HEE HEE HEE.
OH! BUT THIS LITTLE BUG
WON'T STAND A CHANCE
AGAINST ALL YOUR
FEROCIOUS MONSTERS.
OH, WELL,
I'LL PLAY HIM
IN DEFENSE MODE.
[THINKING]
HEH HEH HEH HEH
HEH HEH HEH.
HMM. THAT WOULD'VE
BEEN A NICE BLUFF,
BUT I STILL
HAVEN'T FORGOTTEN
ABOUT THE TRAP CARD
YOU PLAYED.
WITH THIS TRAP CARD,
YOU WON'T BE ABLE
TO ATTACK ME
WITH ANY OF YOUR MONSTERS.
HE DIDN'T TRAP ME THEN,
AND HE'S NOT GONNA
TRAP ME NOW.
WEEVIL'S TRAP CARD
WILL ACTIVATE
AS SOON AS I CALL
AN ATTACK,
AND IT'LL DESTROY
ALL THE MONSTERS I HAVE
ON THE FIELD.
BUT WHAT IF
I GET MY MONSTERS
OFF THE FIELD FIRST,
AND THEN DESTROY
WEEVIL'S TRAP?
THAT'S IT!
I'LL SPRING YOUR TRAP,
WEEVIL.
BUT FIRST...THE MONSTER
RECOVERY CARD.
IT ALLOWS ME
TO CALL BACK
ALL THE CREATURES
I HAVE ON THE FIELD.
MONSTERS, RETURN
TO YOUR CARDS!
NOW YOUR TRAP
HAS NOTHING TO SNARE,
AND ONCE MY MONSTERS
ARE ALL SAFELY BACK
IN MY DECK,
THE RECOVERY CARD
ALSO LETS ME DRAW
A NEW HAND.
NOW ALL I HAVE TO DO
IS SACRIFICE
ONE OF MY
WEAKER MONSTERS,
AND YOUR TRAP
IS SPRUNG.
KURIBOH, ATTACK!
YEAH!
TRAP CARDS ONLY WORK
WHEN THEY CATCH YOU
BY SURPRISE.
NEXT TIME, DON'T
GIVE YOUR PLAN AWAY.
HEE HEE HEE HEE.
HA HA HA HA HA!
I DIDN'T!
I DON'T GIVE
A BEE'S BEHIND
ABOUT THAT STUPID TRAP!
I TRICKED YOU INTO
RECALLING YOUR MONSTERS
SO YOU COULDN'T
ATTACK THIS!
[THINKING]
IT'S JUST A SIMPLE
LITTLE LARVAE MOTH.
THAT TINY CREATURE
CAN'T BE MUCH
OF A THREAT.
WHAT'S WEEVIL UP TO NOW?
HEE HEE HEE HEE HEE.
SURE, HE'S JUST
A LITTLE SLUG NOW,
BUT THE COCOON OF EVOLUTION
WILL CHANGE ALL THAT.
WHAT?!
ISN'T IT BEAUTIFUL?!
EWW.
EWW. THAT'S
JUST GROSS.
WEEVIL'S BUG IS
SEALING ITSELF
IN A COCOON.
[THINKING]
I TOLD THOSE CHUMPS
WEEVIL WOULD TURN
THIS DUEL AROUND.
BEHOLD MY COCOON
OF EVOLUTION!
HA HA HA HA
HA HA HA!
WITHIN THAT COCOON SITS
MY TINY LITTLE LARVAE MOTH,
AND OVER THE NEXT 5 TURNS
HE WILL UNDERGO
A STARTLING TRANSFORMATION...
FROM HARMLESS
CATERPILLAR
TO UNSTOPPABLE
GREAT MOTH!
THEN I'LL CRACK
YOUR COCOON
BEFORE THAT HAPPENS.
EASIER SAID
THAN DONE, YUGI,
FOR MY COCOON OF EVOLUTION
GETS A FIELD POWER BONUS
FROM THE WILDERNESS
AROUND US,
INCREASING
ITS DEFENSE POINTS.
IT'LL BE SO STRONG,
YOU WON'T EVEN BE ABLE
TO SCRATCH ITS SURFACE!
JUST 5 MORE TURNS, YUGI.
IN 5 TURNS
MY GREAT MOTH
WILL FULLY EVOLVE
AND FINISH YOU OFF.
[THINKING]
IF WHAT WEEVILS SAYS
IS TRUE,
I'D BETTER ACT FAST.
THAT THING IS GETTING
BIGGER AND STRONGER
WITH EACH
PASSING SECOND.
[THINKING]
I HAVE TO FIND A WAY
TO BREAK OPEN
THAT COCOON NOW.
I CAN'T LET THAT MOTH
GET TO ITS FIFTH STAGE
OF EVOLUTION.
DO I HAVE A CARD
THAT'S STRONG ENOUGH
TO STOP IT?
HMM...
GIA, THE FIERCE KNIGHT!
[HORSE WHINNIES]
SHATTER THAT COCOON!
THE FIELD POWER BONUS
MAKES IT TOO STRONG.
THAT'S ONE TURN DOWN!
CARE TO TRY AGAIN?
HA HA HA HA HA!
[THINKING]
WEEVIL'S COCOON IS
GONNA BE TOUGH TO CRACK,
AND FOR EACH ATTACK
THAT FAILS,
MY LIFE POINTS
GO DOWN.
OH, NO.
HANG TOUGH, YUGI.
YOU'LL POP
THAT PUS BAG.
HA HA HA HA.
JUST WHAT DO YOU THINK
YOU'RE LAUGHING AT?!
ALL THAT STUPID CHEERLEADING
YOU'RE DOING.
YOU MAKE IT SOUND
LIKE YOUR YUGI
STILL HAS A CHANCE.
OF COURSE HE DOES!
DON'T LISTEN
TO HER, TéA.
ANY DUELIST THAT'S
EVER GONE UP AGAINST
WEEVIL'S COCOON
OF EVOLUTION
HAS BEEN
TOTALLY TRASHED.
ALL OF THEM?
BUT YUGI'S GOT US
TO HELP HIM BEAT IT.
[THINKING]
HMMPH! HE'LL NEED
A WHOLE LOT MORE
THAN YOU LOSERS.
HEAR IT GROWING?
THE MORE TIME YOU WASTE,
THE MORE POWERFUL IT BECOMES.
[THINKING]
IF I DON'T COME UP
WITH SOMETHING QUICK,
I'M NOT JUST GONNA
LOSE THIS DUEL,
I'LL LOSE MY ONLY CHANCE
TO SAVE MY GRANDPA.
THERE'S NO WAY I CAN
LET THAT HAPPEN.
TICKTOCK,
TICKTOCK.
JUST 4 MORE TURNS UNTIL
MY ULTIMATE INSECT EMERGES.
THEN YOU CAN
STOP WORRYING ABOUT
HOW YOU'RE GOING
TO DESTROY IT,
AND START WORRYING
ABOUT HOW IT'S GOING
TO DESTROY YOU.
HA HA HA HA
HA HA HA HA!
[THINKING]
MAYBE I SHOULD
PREPARE A DEFENSE
IN CASE I REALLY CAN'T
STOP THAT THING.
HA! YOU'RE WASTING
YOUR TURN.
NO DEFENSE WILL SAVE
YOUR LIFE POINTS
ONCE MY MOTH IS OUT!
[THINKING]
I HAVE TO
FIGURE OUT A WAY
TO TURN THIS DUEL
AROUND.
WEEVIL'S PRETTY
CONFIDENT
THAT WHATEVER'S GROWING
IN THAT COCOON
IS UNBEATABLE,
BUT THERE'S GOTTA
BE SOME WAY TO
POP THAT THING OPEN
AND WIPE THAT SMIRK
OFF HIS FACE.
BUT HOW?
HANG IN THERE, YUGI.
YOU GOTTA WIN THIS
FOR YOUR GRANDPA.
HE'S COUNTIN' ON YOU.
I KNOW HE IS.
THEN YOU CAN'T KEEP
LETTIN' THIS LITTLE CREEP
PUSH YOU AROUND.
YUGI, YOU GOTTA GET
FIRED UP!
[THINKING]
WAIT. THAT'S IT!
GET FIRED UP.
SO DO YOU GUYS
SIT AROUND
AND WORK UP
THESE LAME CHEERS,
OR DO THEY JUST
COME TO YOU?
I MEAN,
DON'T YOU REALIZE
THAT YOUR
PEP TALK NONSENSE
ONLY DISTRACTS YUGI
FROM THE GAME?
HOW WOULD YOU KNOW?
I BET NO ONE'S
EVER EVEN WANTED
TO BE YOUR FRIEND,
LET ALONE CARE ENOUGH
TO CHEER YOU ON.
FRIENDS HAVEN'T
HELPED YUGI ANY.
HE'S LOSING.
HUH?
YEAH!
YES!
HEY!
ALL RIGHT!
WELL, MAI,
FROM THE LOOK
ON YUGI'S FACE,
I'D SAY THAT
HAVING FRIENDS
JUST DID
HELP HIM OUT.
SO THERE.
[THINKING]
BRAT.
WHAT
POSSIBLE IDEA
COULD YUGI
HAVE GOTTEN
FROM THESE
MENTAL MORONS?
GO, CURSE OF DRAGON!
TAKE FLIGHT!
[SCREECHING]
AND...I'LL COMBINE IT...
WITH THIS MAGIC CARD.
ATTACK
WITH DRAGON FLAME!
WHAT DO YOU THINK
YOU'RE DOING?!
YOU KNOW
YOUR LITTLE FIREFLY
CAN'T HURT MY COCOON.
HEH HEH HEH HEH.
WHAT'S SO FUNNY?
WHOEVER SAID I WAS
AIMING FOR YOUR COCOON?
I COMBINED MY
BURNING LAND MAGIC CARD
WITH MY CURSE
OF DRAGON
TO DESTROY THE FOREST
ALL AROUND YOUR COCOON.
NO FOREST?
THAT MEANS I LOSE
MY FIELD POWER BONUS!
EXACTLY. YOUR COCOON
WAS TOO TOUGH
TO ATTACK DIRECTLY,
BUT WITHOUT ITS
FIELD POWER BONUS,
IT'S JUST
A BIG TARGET.
AAH!
NOW LET'S TRY THIS
AGAIN.
GIA, THE FIERCE KNIGHT,
ATTACK!
HE DID IT!
POPPED IT OPEN
LIKE A ZIT!
HEH HEH HEH
HEH HEH HEH.
[SUCKING SOUNDS]
HUH?
IS IT STILL ALIVE?
Joey: I'VE GOT
A BAD FEELING
WE'RE ABOUT
TO FIND OUT.
HUH?
SEE ANYTHING?
IT'S STILL--
IT'S STILL MOVIN'.
YOU'RE SURPRISED?
HEH HEH HEH HEH
HEH HEH HEH!
IT MUST'VE
EVOLVED ENOUGH
TO SURVIVE.
UNH!
OH!
I TOLD YOU
WEEVIL WAS GOOD.
I'M IMPRESSED THAT
YOU PIERCED MY COCOON, YUGI,
BUT STILL, YOU WERE UNABLE
TO STOP THE EVOLUTION
OF MY ULTIMATE INSECT--
THE GREAT MOTH!
BUT I THOUGHT
IT TOOK 5 TURNS.
HEH HEH HEH HEH.
SO YOU STOPPED HIM
ONE TURN EARLY.
HE'S STILL STRONG ENOUGH
TO BEAT YOU.
OH, NO.
[THINKING]
HA! I NOTICE THAT
THE LITTLE DWEEBS
AREN'T CHEERING NOW.
THE GREAT MOTH IS
AN UNBEATABLE CREATURE.
THEY CAN CHATTER
FROM THE SIDELINES
ALL THEY WANT,
BUT IT WON'T HELP YUGI
ONE BIT.
WEEVIL TURNED
THIS MATCH AROUND
ONCE MORE,
BUT I'M NOT GIVING UP.
HEE HEE HEE HEE.
SO, YUGI, FEELING
OUTCLASSED YET?
OR PERHAPS
YOU'RE ENJOYING
YOUR FIRST MAJOR-LEAGUE
DUELING LOSS. HEH HEH...
HMM. YOU MAY HAVE
GOTTEN YOUR PRIZED
MONSTER
ONTO THE FIELD, WEEVIL,
BUT I'LL STILL
FIND A WAY
TO SQUASH
THAT OVERSIZED BUG.
HEH! YOU'LL PAY
FOR THAT STINGING JAB
WITH YOUR LIFE POINTS!
DUEL!
GREAT MOTH, TAKE FLIGHT!
SO BE IT.
WE'LL SETTLE THIS
IN THE SKIES!
[THINKING]
HEH! YUGI'S DRAGON
IS NO MATCH
FOR MY GREAT MOTH,
AND NONE OF
HIS LAND MONSTERS
HAVE THE ABILITY
TO ATTACK ME
IN THE AIR! HEH HEH.
BUT WHICH PUNY CREATURE
SHALL I OBLITERATE FIRST?
I THINK IT'S HIGH TIME
I PAY BACK YOUR KNIGHT
FOR DEMOLISHING
MY COCOON.
[THINKING]
MY KNIGHT!
HE'S THE HEART
OF MY ATTACK FORCE.
THERE'S NO WAY
I CAN AFFORD
TO LOSE HIM.
THIS IS IT, YUGI.
MY GREAT MOTH WILL
CRUSH YOUR DEFENSES,
SLAY YOUR KNIGHT,
AND BLAST YOUR DRAGON
FROM THE SKY.
NOT IF I CAN HELP IT,
WEEVIL. UNH.
BUT THAT'S JUST IT,
YOU CAN'T HELP IT.
MOTH HURRICANE ATTACK!
NO! MY BEAVER WARRIOR!
MY DEFENSE.
IT'S HOPELESS.
NOTHING CAN STAND AGAINST
THE GALE-FORCE WINDS
OF MY MOTH HURRICANE.
YOUR KNIGHT WILL BE
TOTALLY BLOWN AWAY.
HA HA HA HA HA HA.
THAT'LL TEACH 'EM
TO MESS WITH MY COCOON!
DON'T COUNT ON IT!
HMM?
WEEVIL, YOU WERE SO BUSY
FAWNING OVER YOUR MOTH,
YOU DIDN'T NOTICE
I PLAYED
A POLYMERIZATION CARD.
BUT...I THOUGHT...
IF I HAVE
2 COMPATIBLE MONSTERS
ON THE FIELD,
I CAN USE MY
POLYMERIZATION CARD
AND FUSE THEM INTO
ONE ULTIMATE CREATURE.
[SCREECHES]
I'M NOT SOME BEGINNER.
I KNOW WHAT FUSION DOES.
THEN YOU MUST KNOW
IT INCREASES MY
ATTACK POINTS.
MY FUSED
DRAGON/KNIGHT COMBO
IS NOW POWERFUL ENOUGH
TO GO HEAD-TO-HEAD
WITH YOUR GREAT MOTH.
HA HA HA HA
HA HA HA HA!
I WOULDN'T BE SO SURE
ABOUT THAT.
LOOK AGAIN!
WHAT?! NO.
MY KNIGHT--
HE'S LOSING POINTS.
AND FAST.
BUT HOW? AND WHY?
HEH HEH HEH HEH.
IT'S POISON, YUGI.
POISON PARTICLES
FROM MY GREAT MOTH.
EACH TIME IT USES
ITS HURRICANE ATTACK,
IT RELEASES TONS
OF THESE TINY
TOXIC PARTICLES.
AND YOUR PRECIOUS
DRAGON/KNIGHT COMBO
IS BEING POISONED
BY THEIR DEADLY TOUCH.
HA HA HA HA
HA HA HA!
[THINKING]
MY KNIGHT IS
LOSING POINTS
WITH EACH
PASSING SECOND.
BUT HOW DO
I PROTECT HIM
AGAINST THE VERY AIR
ITSELF?
Weevil: LOOKS TO ME LIKE
MY POISON PARTICLES ARE
TAKING THEIR TOLL, YUGI.
[THINKING]
OH, NO,
MY KNIGHT'S REALLY
IN SERIOUS TROUBLE.
AND THERE'S NOTHING
HERE IN MY HAND
THAT CAN HELP HIM.
BUT I KNOW
MY GRANDPA'S DECK
WON'T LET ME DOWN.
YES! READY TO BE
RAINED OUT, WEEVIL?
MAKIU, THE MAGICAL MIST!
GRR.
NO! MY POISON!
YOU'RE WASHING IT
ALL AWAY!
THAT'S RIGHT. MAGICAL MIST
WASHES THE FIELD CLEAN.
NO FAIR.
I WAS ABOUT TO WIN,
AND YOU SAVE YOURSELF
WITH A LITTLE DRIZZLE?!
[THINKING]
IT'S TRUE.
I SAVED MY KNIGHT,
BUT THAT'S NOT ALL
I DID.
ALL RIGHT THEN,
YOU MAY HAVE STOPPED
MY POISON ATTACK,
BUT I PROMISE
YOU'VE ONLY WON
A BRIEF REPRIEVE,
BECAUSE MY NEXT MOVE
IS ONE YOU WON'T BE ABLE
TO THINK YOUR WAY OUT OF!
BRACE YOURSELF
FOR MY ULTIMATE INSECT'S
ULTIMATE ATTACK!
GREAT MOTH,
TORNADO OF DOOM!
A DIRECT HIT.
HEH HEH HEH HEH!
YOUR LITTLE RAINSTORM
DIDN'T SAVE YOU
FROM THAT ONE
NOW, DID IT?
YOUR KNIGHT IS TOAST.
AND YOU'RE ALMOST OUT
OF LIFE POINTS.
YUGI, KEEP FIGHTIN'.
YOU CAN COME BACK
FROM THIS.
YOU'RE ALL
DELUSIONAL.
NO. JOEY'S RIGHT.
YUGI NEVER GIVES UP,
AND WE NEVER
GIVE UP ON HIM.
YOU'RE NUTS.
WEEVIL HAS
TOTALLY ANNIHILATED
YUGI'S STRONGEST
MONSTER COMBO.
HE'S DOWN TO
50 MEASLY LIFE POINTS.
HE CAN'T WIN,
SO DO ME A FAVOR
AND STOP YAPPING.
I WON'T STOP YAPPING,
YOU SELFISH, POMPOUS,
BLEACH-BLONDE,
KNOW-IT-ALL WINDBAG.
DO US A FAVOR
AND GET LOST.
RIGHT, JOEY?
YOU SAID IT.
JUST IGNORE HER, TéA.
YUGI'S IN TROUBLE.
I KNOW.
WHAT CAN WE DO?
I DON'T KNOW,
BUT IT'D BE GREAT
IF WE COULD TRADE MAI IN
FOR LIFE POINTS.
Téa: HA HA.
I WISH!
I TOLD YOU
ALL ALONG
YUGI NEVER
HAD A CHANCE
AT WINNING
THIS THING.
OH!
HE WASTES TOO MUCH
OF HIS TIME
LISTENING TO
YOU LOSERS.
WEEVIL
KEEPS HIS MIND
ON THE GAME.
THEN WHY DIDN'T HE
SEE THIS COMING?
SEE WHAT COMING?
WHATEVER IT IS
YUGI'S GRINNING ABOUT.
UH--
Joey: YOU'RE RIGHT.
HE'S GOT A BIG SMILE.
UH, HE'S NOT SMILING.
I THINK HE'S LAUGHING.
NO WAY.
HA HA HA HA HA
HA HA HA HA HA.
HEY, HEY! WHAT ARE YOU
SO HAPPY ABOUT?
STOP THAT SNICKERING!
WEEVIL, I KNOW IT WILL
BE VERY DIFFICULT
FOR YOU TO ACCEPT
LOSING A DUEL...
ESPECIALLY AFTER
SPENDING SO MUCH TIME
FINDING INVENTIVE WAYS
TO CHEAT.
BUT IF YOU THOUGHT
BENDING THE RULES
WOULD HELP YOU
WIN THIS MATCH,
YOU'RE WRONG.
NO! THIS IS A TRICK!
YOU PLAY DISHONESTLY,
SO YOU EXPECT THE SAME
OF YOUR OPPONENTS.
BUT I DUEL
WITH HONOR, WEEVIL,
AND THAT MAKES
ALL THE DIFFERENCE.
YOU GOT NOTHING!
HERE'S WHAT I'VE GOT.
THE MIGHTY
SUMMONED SKULL!
WHOA, WHAT'S THAT?
THIS IS IT, WEEVIL.
YOUR ULTIMATE INSECT
WON'T WITHSTAND
MY NEXT ATTACK.
[THINKING]
HA! YUGI MUST BE
LOSING IT.
HIS SUMMONED SKULL
IS STRONG,
BUT MY GREAT MOTH
IS STRONGER STILL.
IF HE'S FOOLISH ENOUGH
TO ATTACK,
MY MONSTER WILL
MOST CERTAINLY
SQUISH HIS MONSTER,
AND WIPE OUT
THE REST OF YUGI'S
PRECIOUS LIFE POINTS
AS WELL.
HEH HEH HEH HEH.
THERE'S SOMETHING
YOU OVERLOOKED,
WEEVIL--
MY MAGICAL MIST IS
STILL DAMPENING
THIS ENTIRE FIELD.
[GASPS]
HE'S RIGHT!
EVERYTHING'S WET.
MY GREAT MOTH
IS TOTALLY SOAKED.
Yugi: AND MY SUMMONED SKULL
ATTACKS WITH ELECTRICITY,
MAKING YOUR WATERLOGGED BUG
A GIANT-SIZED LIGHTNING ROD.
I HOPE YOU'RE
IN THE MOOD
FOR SOME FIREWORKS,
WEEVIL,
BECAUSE ALL THIS WATER
BOOSTS MY MONSTER'S
ELECTRICAL ATTACK
BY 1000 POINTS.
SUMMONED SKULL,
LIGHTNING STRIKE!
AAH!
[PAINED GROANS]
[ALL GASP]
IT'S OVER.
I'VE WON.
NO! IMPOSSIBLE!
MY MOTH'S UNBEATABLE!
UHH-UNH.
Joey: ALL RIGHT YUGI!
Tristan: WAY TO GO!
YEAH!
HE WON!
I KNEW YOU WOULD.
IMPRESSIVE.
I DIDN'T THINK YUGI
COULD EVER BEAT WEEVIL.
Weevil: UH--UH--BUT I'M
THE REGIONAL CHAMPION.
THE REGIONAL CHAMPION!
YOU CALL YOURSELF
A CHAMPION, WEEVIL,
BUT YOU ONLY
WON YOUR DUELS
THROUGH LYING
AND CHEATING.
TRUE CHAMPIONS--
THEY PLAY WITH HONOR.
THEY PLAY FAIR.
AW, DON'T WASTE YOUR BREATH
ON THIS SNEAKY SLUG.
HE'S A DUELING DISGRACE.
AND I HEREBY RELIEVE HIM
OF HIS DUELING GAUNTLET.
THERE...3 STAR CHIPS
SO FAR.
BUT I STILL NEED
TO WIN 7 MORE.
10 STAR CHIPS
WILL GAIN ME ENTRY
INTO THAT CASTLE,
WHERE THEY'RE HOLDING
MY GRANDFATHER PRISONER.
AND WHERE I'LL
BATTLE PEGASUS
ONCE AND FOR ALL!